[W4P] Workers for Platforms overview page revision (#7280)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/learning/how-workers-for-platforms-works.md

# How Workers for Platforms works

Workers for Platforms is built on top of [Cloudflare Workers](/workers/). The same [security and performance models used by Workers](/workers/learning/security-model/) apply to applications that use Workers for Platforms. 

> The Workers configuration API was initially built around managing a relatively small number of Workers on each account. This leads to some difficulties when using Workers as a platform for your own users, including: frequently needing to increase script limits; adding an ever-increasing number of routes; and managing logic in a central place if your own logic is supposed to come before your customers' logic.

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe separate those out into a bulleted list?

> The Workers configuration API was initially built around managing a relatively small number of Workers on each account. This leads to some difficulties when using Workers as a platform for your own users, including: frequently needing to increase script limits; adding an ever-increasing number of routes; and managing logic in a central place if your own logic is supposed to come before your customers' logic.

Author: ```suggestion
The Workers configuration API was initially built around managing a relatively small number of Workers on each account. This leads to some difficulties when using Workers as a platform for your own users, including: 

* Frequently needing to increase script limits.
* Ading an ever-increasing number of routes. 
* Managing logic in a central place if your own logic is supposed to come before your customers' logic.
```
